President Li, then I agree to cooperate with you
But I have to make one thing clear
All the locations of these 67 milk tea workshops
All the locations have to be chosen by me
No problem, as long as President Lin is willing to cooperate
Everything else is fine.
Ok go ahead hum
Happy cooperation
Shopkeeper, you really want to cooperate with that old guy?
I saw his face
At first glance, he is a sinister and cunning guy
I can't believe it.
Of course I knew they couldn't believe it.
But don't you think it's right that he has an opinion?
Instead of the two of us fighting like this
It will only hurt both sides
It also gave others an opportunity to pick up the bargain
What the shopkeeper means is
I might as well cooperate with Li Ronghuan first
Take down the market on Gangnam Road
Then swallow some other small restaurants one by one
shopkeeper
I have turned Yizhou and into a small restaurant
Are they all lined up?
That's about it.
I should also go there and call out the remaining restaurants
Boss Fan, why are you here all of a sudden?
Shopkeeper Lin
How confident are you in dealing with Li Rongfa?
Ninety percent, what's wrong?
This beast
I can't take it all day
What exactly happened?
He hooked up with the time merchants of Huaishui Road
He also threatened me to marry my daughter to him
Or he'll cut off all my business dealings
My daughter's 14.
He's a beast
There is such a thing
unexpected
This Li Rongfa is simply a beast
By the way, you just said that he and the time merchant of the ring channel
Get in touch